doc: add known issue REM does not stop the HF Clock (#6093)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

Bluetooth® LE
=============

.. rst-class:: v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

> DRGN-16506: REM does not stop the HF Clock in between event when 'no prepare' is configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DRGN-16506: REM does not stop the HF Clock in between events when 'no prepare' is configured
```

>   When an MPSL timeslot is requested with MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE, the HF clock will be kept running between timeslot event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When an MPSL timeslot is requested with MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE, the HF clock will be kept running between timeslot events.
```

>   This results in increased power consumption in idle.

Reviewer 2: when idle

>   This results in increased of power consumption in idle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This results in increased power consumption in idle.
```

>   **Workaround:** Use MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_XTAL_GUARANTEED instead of MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE to requested a timeslot.

Reviewer 2: `to request` or even better `when requesting`

Reviewer 2: still not resolved ?

>   **Workaround:** Use MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_XTAL_GUARANTEED instead MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE to requested an timeslot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Use MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_XTAL_GUARANTEED instead of MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE to request a timeslot.
```

Bluetooth® LE
=============

> .. rst-class:: v1-8-0
> DRGN-16506: Requesting an MPSL timeslot with MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE will take 43us more than in the previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-8-0

DRGN-16506: Requesting an MPSL timeslot with MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE takes longer than in previous versions.
  The timeslot request takes 43us longer than in previous versions.
```
Issues need the second, indented line to format properly.

.. rst-class:: v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

DRGN-16506: REM does not stop the HF Clock in between events when 'no prepare' is configured
  When requesting an MPSL timeslot with MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE, the HF clock will be kept running between timeslot events.
  This results in increased power consumption when idle.

>   **Workaround:** Use MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_XTAL_GUARANTEED instead of MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE to requested a timeslot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Use MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_XTAL_GUARANTEED instead of MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE when requesting a timeslot.
```

Bluetooth® LE
=============

.. rst-class:: v1-8-0

> DRGN-16506: Requesting an MPSL timeslot with MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE takes longer than in previous versions.

Reviewer: ```
.. rst-class:: v1-8-0

DRGN-16506: Requesting an MPSL timeslot with MPSL_TIMESLOT_HFCLK_CFG_NO_GUARANTEE takes longer than in previous versions.
  The timeslot request takes 43us longer than in previous versions.
```
It needs the empty line between the rst-class declaration and the text, as well as the second, indented line to render correctly.
